---
description: An overview of cookies used by the Commanders Act platform.
---

# Cookies

## Predefined Cookies <a href="#predefined-cookies" id="predefined-cookies"></a>

Following cookies are used automatically in depending on the installed Commanders Act products.

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Product</th><th>Type</th><th>Name</th><th>Domain</th><th>Lifetime</th><th>Value</th><th>Owner</th><th>Storage purpose</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>DATA</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TCAUDIENCE</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>365 days</td><td>Audience segment storage.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to store the user segment for user targeting.</td></tr><tr><td>DATA + TMS + CMP + CAMPAIGN</td><td>Cookie</td><td>WID</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>Session</td><td>DataCommander session ID.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to identify when the browser is closed in order to split page views into multiple functional sessions.</td></tr><tr><td>DATA</td><td>Local Storage (default)</td><td>_TCCookieSync</td><td>/</td><td>/</td><td>Last cookie sync date.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to store the date of the last cookie synchronisation with the partner (set in local storage by default, and cookie if local storage not available).</td></tr><tr><td>DATA</td><td>Cookie (if Local Storage not available)</td><td>_TCCookieSync</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>365 days</td><td>Last cookie sync date.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to store the date of the last cookie synchronisation with the partner (set in local storage by default, and cookie if local storage not available).</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TCSESSION</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>Session</td><td>CAMPAIGNCommander session ID.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to calculate CAMPAIGN metrics based on the session.</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TCREDIRECT</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>Session</td><td>CAMPAIGNCommander redirect flag.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to deduplicate clicks (if redirect, just store the page view and ignore the click).</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TCREDIRECT</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>Session</td><td>CAMPAIGNCommander redirect flag.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to deduplicate clicks (if redirect, just store the page view and ignore the click).</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TCLANDINGURL</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>Session</td><td>Landing page URL.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to store landing page URL for CAMPAIGN raw data.</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN + DATA+ TMS + CMP</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TCID</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>365 days</td><td>Commanders Act ID.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Visitor identifier used to compute deduplicated statistics per user (for campaign and on-site tracking, segmentation, ...). CMPCommander uses this cookie to measure statistics for privacy banner performance after a visitor provided consent. Before users provided consent CMPCommander uses the TCPID cookie to measure anonymous statistics for privacy banner.</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN + DATA+ TMS + CMP</td><td>Cookie</td><td>CAID</td><td>domainfirstClient</td><td>365 days</td><td>Commanders Act users ID</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>The CAID is the user identifier for cookie 1st</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN + DATA+ TMS + CMP</td><td>Local Storage</td><td>tC_Sync</td><td>/</td><td>/</td><td>Timestamp.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Technical cookie that is used to store the timestamp of the last cookie sync that was performed for this user agent. A cookie sync matches the visitor ID of Commanders Act solutions (TCID) with the visitor ID of other solutions. Cookie sync is optional and can be deactivated by Commanders Act users via the Commanders Act support.<br>(cookie exempted)</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN + TMS</td><td>Cookie</td><td>tc_cj_v2</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>365 days</td><td>Deduplication CJ storage ("&#x26;chn=" and "&#x26;src=" parameters)</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used for user customer journey storage for TMS deduplication (channel and source storage).</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN + TMS</td><td>Cookie</td><td>tc_cj_v2_cmp</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>365 days</td><td>Deduplication CJ storage ("&#x26;cmp=" parameter).</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used for user customer journey storage for TMS deduplication (campaign storage).</td></tr><tr><td>CAMPAIGN + TMS</td><td>Cookie</td><td>tc_cj_v2_med</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>365 days</td><td>Deduplication CJ storage ("&#x26;med=" parameter).</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used for user customer journey storage for TMS deduplication (medium storage).</td></tr><tr><td>TMS</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TCREDIRECT_DEDUP</td><td>.<a href="http://commander1.com/">commander1.com</a>​</td><td>Session</td><td>CAMPAIGN redirect flag (used for deduplication).</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used when the deduplication is based on CAMPAIGN tracking (so the CAMPAIGN tracking is taken into account and not the landing page tracking)</td></tr><tr><td>TMS</td><td>Cookie</td><td>tc_sample_{idsite}_{idrule}</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>Session</td><td>TMS sampling done in the container rules.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used for visitor and session sampling in the TMSCommander rules.</td></tr><tr><td>TMS</td><td>Cookie</td><td>tc_cj_v2</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>365 days</td><td>Deduplication CJ storage ("&#x26;chn=" and "&#x26;src=" parameters).</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used for user customer journey storage for TMS deduplication (channel and source storage).</td></tr><tr><td>TMS</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TC_CHECK_COOKIES_SUPPORT</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>Session</td><td>1 if true</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Technical cookie, TMS verification of Cookies deposit<br>(exempted)</td></tr><tr><td>CMP V1 + V2</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TCPID</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>365 days</td><td>CMP Commander ID.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td><p>Used to identify visitors exposed to the privacy banner. CMPCommander uses this cookie to measure statistics for privacy banner usage until visitors provide consent for the TCID cookie. With this 2-cookie system, CMPCommander is the only CMP that has been granted the right of exemption from consent for statistical measurement by the French CNIL. <a href="https://www.cnil.fr/fr/solutions-pour-les-cookies-de-mesure-daudience">https://www.cnil.fr/fr/solutions-pour-les-cookies-de-mesure-daudience</a></p><p>(cookie exempted)​</p></td></tr><tr><td>CMP V1 <em>(Previous Privacy)</em></td><td>Cookie</td><td>TC_OPTOUT (default)</td><td>Customer domain (default, can be customized)</td><td>396 days</td><td>Privacy: optin/optout user, privacy version and optin categories.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used for user status storage (optin or optout) and Privacy banner display.<br>(cookie exempted)</td></tr><tr><td>CMP V1 <em>(Previous Privacy)</em></td><td>Cookie</td><td>TC_OPTOUT_categories (default)</td><td>Customer domain (default, can be customized)</td><td>396 days</td><td>Privacy optin categories.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to display the optin/optout categories in the Privacy Center if the user re-open it.<br>(cookie exempted)</td></tr><tr><td>CMP V2</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TC_PRIVACY (default)</td><td>Customer domain (default, can be customized)</td><td>396 days</td><td>Privacy: optin/optout user, privacy version and optin categories.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used for user status storage (optin or optout) and Privacy banner display.<br>(cookie exempted)</td></tr><tr><td>CMP V2</td><td>Cookie</td><td>TC_PRIVACY_CENTER (default)</td><td>Customer domain (default, can be customized)</td><td>396 days</td><td>Privacy optin categories.</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to display the optin/optout categories in the Privacy Center if the user re-open it.<br>(cookie exempted)</td></tr><tr><td>CMP V2</td><td>Cookie</td><td>tc_test_cookie</td><td>Customer domain (default, can be customized)</td><td>396 days</td><td>Banner display</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Cookie linked to the display of the privacy banner, it allows to check whether cookies can be deposited and not to redisplay the consent banner when consent is given. Deposited then disappears, cannot be deleted. Technical cookie (exempted)</td></tr><tr><td>CMP V2</td><td>Local Storage</td><td>TC_PRIVACY_IAB_VENDORLIST</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>Unlimited</td><td>IAB Global Vendor List</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to cache the IAB TCF Global Vendor List to optimise the response time of the IAB TCF consent API.</td></tr><tr><td>CMP V2</td><td>Local Storage</td><td>TC_PRIVACY_TCF</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>Unlimited</td><td>IAB Global Vendor List</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used to cache the IAB TCF Consent API Response to optimise the response time of the APII.</td></tr><tr><td>First domain tracking</td><td>Cookie</td><td>FDLBCTLYOXA FDLBPHOENIXAPI FDLBPHOENIXDATA FDLBPHOENIXCAMPAIGN FDLBPHOENIXCAMPAIGNEF FDLBCAMPAIGNCDOM FDLBPHOENIXTMS FDLBPHOENIXCMP FDLBPHOENIX FDLBCTLY</td><td>Customer domain</td><td>Session</td><td>Technical cookies for load balancing purposes</td><td>Commanders Act</td><td>Used for internal infrastructure dispatch.Example value : s11|YNwyo|YNwxd</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Custom Cookies <a href="#custom-cookies" id="custom-cookies"></a>

Users can create custom cookies with TMSCommander. For example it is possible to store a URL parameter on a landing page in a cookie to make it available for further pageviews in the session. Users can choose their own name and storage duration for these cookies. Therefore it is not possible to include them in this list.
